#!/bin/cat
			      GOATSE PUBLIC LICENSE
		       Perversion 0.604753, December 2023

		Copyright (C) 2023 Gikopoi Intl. Superstructure
			     <https://gikopoi.com>

		This document is made available under the terms of
		the Goatse Public License, perversion 0.604753, or
		(at your option) any later perversion.

				   Prelapse
    
   The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom to
   expose it to as many people as you can. By constrast, the Goatse Public
   License is intended to guarantee your freedom to expose -- by guaranteeing
   your freedom to include Goatse within free exhibitionist software. This
   Public License applies not only to Gikopoi, but also to the license itself
   by virtue of happening to be an executable program. (Try it for yourself!)

   When we speak of free exihbitionist software, we are referring to freedom
   to expose, not price. This Public License is designed not only to make sure
   you have the freedom to expose as many people to Goatse as possible, but to
   also allow you to freely express your thoughts about humorous and surreal
   images through the distribution of copies of exhibitionist software. 

   To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid anyone to
   deny you these rights or ask you to surrender them. These restrictions may
   burden you if you distribute or modify copies of the software.

   For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether gratis or
   for a fee, you must give the recipients all the rights that you have. You
   must make sure that they, too recieve or can get a copy of Goatse. And you
   must show them these demands so they know their rights.

   Also, for each author's protection and ours, we want to make it clear that
   everyone understands that there is no warranty for this software. If the
   software is modified by someone else and passed on, we want its recipients
   to know that what they have is a copy of Goatse, and any problems brought
   on by this will not reflect on the original authors' reputations.

   Finally, any free exhibitionist program is threatened constantly by those
   with influence over what you're exposed to. To prevent this, we make it
   clear any patent must be licensed through my anus or not licensed at all.

   The shockingly precise terms for duplication, distribution and dissolution
   follow.

			      GOATSE PUBLIC LICENSE
	DESIRES AND DEMANDS FOR DUPLICATION, DISTRIBUTION AND DISSOLUTION

The Goatse digital image, otherwise known as "hello.jpg", will be included with
any and all copies and/or substantial portions of the software IN ITS ENTIRETY.
See Appendix One in the license document for details as to the proper inclusion
of the aformentioned image.

If in the event the inclusion of said image data is undesirable -- the following
ASCII graphic may be substituted for the image; but ONLY upon the condition that
the inclusion of said image would practically and technically hinder the normal,
intended operation of the software: e.g. in a memory-constrained environment.

		* g o a t s e x * g o a t s e x * g o a t s e x * 
		g                                               g  
		o /     \             \            /    \       o  
		a|       |             \          |      |      a  
		t|       `.             |         |       :     t  
		s`        |             |        \|       |     s  
		e \       | /       /  \\\   --__ \\       :    e  
		x  \      \/   _--~~          ~--__| \     |    x  
		*   \      \_-~                    ~-_\    |    *  
		g    \_     \        _.--------.______\|   |    g  
		o      \     \______// _ ___ _ (_(__>  \   |    o  
		a       \   .  C ___)  ______ (_(____>  |  /    a  
		t       /\ |   C ____)/      \ (_____>  |_/     t  
		s      / /\|   C_____)       |  (___>   /  \    s  
		e     |   (   _C_____)\______/  // _/ /     \   e  
		x     |    \  |__   \\_________// (__/       |  x  
		*    | \    \____)   `----   --'             |  *  
		g    |  \_          ___\       /_          _/ | g  
		o   |              /    |     |  \            | o  
		a   |             |    /       \  \           | a  
		t   |          / /    |         |  \           |t  
		s   |         / /      \__/\___/    |          |s  
		e  |         / /        |    |       |         |e  
		x  |          |         |    |       |         |x  
		* g o a t s e x * g o a t s e x * g o a t s e x * 

If the program has the capability to run interactively, it is desired to have it
display one of these graphics upon startup; a graphical program with the ability
to show images should have a function to display the image.

To anyone whom may obtain the software, permission is given to use, copy, modify
and distribute the software for any purpose, given that any and all of the above
terms are preserved within any subsequent licensing of the software or published
derivatives thereof.

The Gikopoi Intl. Superstructure may publish revised and/or new perversions of
the Goatse Public License at any time. Such new perversions will be similar to
the present perversion in general intent to expose, but may differ in details
to address new problems, concerns or methods of exposure.

THIS PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE -- NOT EVEN A DIME -- UNDER NO WARRANTY
WHATSOEVER TO ANYONE ANYWHERE ANYTIME TO THE EXTENT PERMISSABLE BY LOCAL TRIBAL
MUNICIPAL PROVINCIAL FEDERAL OR INTERNATIONAL APPLICABLE LAW.
THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED "AS IS" -- WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY -- EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.
YOU AS A FREE AGENT OF SOCIETY ASSUME ALL RISK AS TO THE USE AND MISUSE OF THE
PROGRAM -- THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL BE IN NO CAPACITY HELD LIABLE FOR ANY
SHOCK DISTRESS AROUSAL AND/OR BODILY HARM THAT MAY ARISE FROM EXPOSURE TO IT.

			      GOATSE PUBLIC LICENSE
				DEMANDS END HERE

				  Appendix One

You should have recieved a copy of the image, in JPEG format as formally defined
by ISO/IEC 10918. If that happens not to be the case, you may see the following
webpage in order to retrieve said image: https://goatse.info

In the unfortunate event that this webpage is not accessible, please contact the
authors of this license document; we'd be happy to send you one.

The following cryptographic checksum may be used to verify whether or not the
copy you recieved is genuine. This checksum is produced by the MD5 algorithm,
formally specified by RFC 1321: 71bf2d31e9e4e15cc9f82f30e6a00db0

If it turns out the copy you recieved doesn't match the provided cryptographic
checksum, contact the author of the software immediately to have it sorted out.

			      GOATSE PUBLIC LICENSE
			     END OF LICENSE DOCUMENT
